chore: return noop transaction if agent not started (#3554)
elastic/apm-agent-nodejs: docs/upgrade-to-v4.asciidoc

----

For log correlation with _structured_ logs, see <<log-correlation-ids>>.

[[v4-api-start-transaction]]
===== `agent.startTransaction()`

> The `agent.startTransaction()` method has been changed to return an invalid
> or noop transaction if the agent is not yet started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `agent.startTransaction()` method has been changed to return an do-nothing
no-op Transaction, if the agent is not yet started. Before this change it returned a
Transaction object that could result in API errors. The return type has changed to
no longer include `| null`.
```

^^ Does that description work?
